readme.md, before:

<img src="./media/banner.png" alt="Wireless Debugging Switch Widget"/>

**Wireless Debugging Switch Widget** (or **WADBS** for short) is an app that allows you to switch Android's Wireless Debugging feature on and off quickly.
It provides several widgets and a quick settings tile to do this. You can also instantly connect to your PC using KDE Connect's clipboard sharing feature.

## Features

<img src="./media/feature-qs-tile.png" alt="Quick Settings Tile"/>
<img src="./media/feature-widgets.png" alt="Home Screen Widgets"/>
<img src="./media/feature-customization.png" alt="Widget Customization"/>
<img src="./media/feature-instant-connection.png" alt="Instant Connection"/>

## Credits

[libsu](https://github.com/topjohnwu/libsu) - a library that makes performing root-requiring operations easier.
<br>[IBM Plex Mono](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/IBM+Plex+Mono) - font used in my designs for this app.
<br>[Wallpaper](https://lineageos.org/) - default wallpaper image for the widget configuration activity was taken from Lineage OS.
<br>[Leaves](https://unsplash.com/photos/wAU3MfsGPNw) - an amazing photo of leaves I used as a background for my designs was made by [Aedrian](https://unsplash.com/@aedrian).

## License

WADBS is a free software. It was made with the intention to make developers' lives easier.
It is licensed under GNU General Public License version 3. 
In short - you can redistribute and modify it, but should give a credit to the original author in some way.

WADBS is distributed "as is". 
Developers of this app are not responsible for any kind of damage or harm made by the content of this repository or materials related to it directly or not.

Commit message:

Improve documentation and translate it into Russian

readme.md, after:

<img src="./media/banner.png" alt="Wireless Debugging Switch Widget"/>

<p align=center>

> Read in other languages: [`🇷🇺`](./readme.ru.md) [`Translate into your language!`](./translate.md)

</p>

**Wireless Debugging Switch Widget** (or **WADBS** for short) is an app that allows you to switch Android's Wireless Debugging feature on and off quickly.
It provides several widgets and a quick settings tile to do this. 
You can also instantly connect to your PC using KDE Connect's clipboard sharing feature (see [scripts](./scripts/)).

## Features

<img src="./media/feature-qs-tile.png" alt="Quick Settings Tile"/>
<img src="./media/feature-widgets.png" alt="Home Screen Widgets"/>
<img src="./media/feature-customization.png" alt="Widget Customization"/>
<img src="./media/feature-instant-connection.png" alt="Instant Connection"/>

## Credits

[libsu](https://github.com/topjohnwu/libsu) - a library that makes performing root-requiring operations easier.
<br>[IBM Plex Mono](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/IBM+Plex+Mono) - font used in my designs for this app.
<br>[Wallpaper](https://lineageos.org/) - default wallpaper image for the widget configuration activity was taken from Lineage OS.
<br>[Leaves](https://unsplash.com/photos/wAU3MfsGPNw) - an amazing photo of leaves I used as a background for my designs was made by [Aedrian](https://unsplash.com/@aedrian).

## License

WADBS is a free software. It was made with the intention to make developers' lives easier.
It is licensed under GNU General Public License version 3. 
In short - you can redistribute and modify it, but should give a credit to the original author.

WADBS is distributed "as is". 
Developers of this app are not responsible for any kind of damage or harm made by the content of this repository or materials related to it directly or not.
